What are you crazy about when it rains?
I think you are dirty.
After all, this is also the intention of Brother God's will
Why don't you know that you feel sorry for your brother?
Did you see it?
This is a sensible woman
Can you learn?
Don't be so feminine all day long
Unreasonable walk
You can make me bigger.
Can you stop following me?
I also need my own personal space
Don't be narcissistic, I'm going back to rest and eat noodles.
Where were you sent to listen to the words of the police?
Nothing to do with me
Ah, dear.
It hurts, let me see
Brother God, I can't go
Wrapped ankle sprained
I'm going to start sending him
Go by yourself.
Brother providence, be gentle
You're hurting me.
What about celery?
It doesn't hurt anymore
Mr. Bai
It was God's will that brother had to press it for me
I don't want to either.
Oh, why are you still wearing the lab clothes?
I don't know if Brother God will feel sick when he smells the medicine?
This is my house.
What does it matter to you what I wear?
Chen Tianyi
I came back with the smell of medicine, you find it disgusting
You put medicine on his feet and you won't feel nauseous
Hey, Fang Yu, why are you so small?
Cha Cha is my excellent employee
He gave me 200 million investment
What's wrong with me as the boss taking care of him?
Ah, I'd like to ask you
What does my husband and my career mean to you?
Then you let him wear my clothes and live in my house, what am I to you?
Cha Cha went home for work
The company has developed well, can't you wear gold and silver?
Forget it, so you give him the master bedroom on the second floor
You go to the first floor, it's me
So you two are out of sight and out of mind, right?